docs: add arm template settings and arch (#46)
newrelic/newrelic-azure-functions: EventHubForwarder/README.md

An Azure Resource Manager template to export Azure Platform logs to New Relic.

## How Does It Work?
This integration creates and configures the Azure resources necessary to efficiently forwards logs from an Azure Event Hub to New Relic. 

> It relies on events managed by Azure Event Hub, this Event Hub subsequently batches and triggers an Azure Function to handle the transport to New Relic.

Reviewer: this Event Hub -> Event Hub

Author: Thanks

> Currently, this integration allows you to create resources to targets Azure Activity logs. If you have other log events that you would like to see exported using Event hub trigger, [tell us about your use case](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-azure-functions/issues).

Reviewer: exported or send?

Author: 🚢 shipped

## Installation
This integration requires both a New Relic and Azure account.

### Install Using Azure Portal

> Retrieve your [New Relic Insights Insert Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/get-started/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/#insights-insert-key).

Reviewer: License keys?

Author: I deleted all that part ✂️ 🔪

| Enable Resource Health Azure Activity Logs | no | `false` | Contains the record of any resource health events that have occurred to your Azure resources. More information about Resource Health category in [azure official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log-schema#resource-health-category). |
| Enable Security Azure Activity Logs | no | `false` | Contains the record of any alerts generated by Azure Security Center. More information about Security category in [azure official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log-schema#security-category). |
| Enable Service Health Azure Activity Logs | no | `false` | Contains the record of any service health incidents that have occurred in Azure. More information about Recommendation category in [azure official documentation](. More information about Recommendation category in [azure official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log-schema#recommendation-category). |

> Alternatively you can configure this template that will automatically create the resource, deployed it and configure Activity Logs to forward them to New Relic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can configure this template that will automatically create the resources, deploy them and configure Activity Logs to forward them to New Relic.
```
